**ID:** US_12.007 |Dashboard with the items>  Customize Displayed Columns in List View

**Description:**

**As a** user,
**I want to** customize which columns are displayed in the Jenkins dashboard list view,
**So that I can** see the most relevant information for my projects at a glance.

**Preconditions**

1. Jenkins instance is up and running and accessible to the user.
2. User is authenticated and has permissions to configure views.
3. At least one **view** has already been created, and at least one Jenkins **item** (job) exists and has been added to the current **view**.
4. User is viewing the Jenkins dashboard  with the custom **view** selected.

**Acceptance Criteria:**

1. By clicking the **Edit View** (gear icon) the user is redirected to the view configuration page where the following column customization options are available in the **Columns** section:
- Status
- Weather
-  Name
- Last Success
- Last Failure
- Last Duration
- Build Button

2. While on the view configuration page, the user can:
- Add new columns by selecting from the **Add Column** dropdown.
- Remove existing columns by clicking the **x** icon next to each column.
- Reorder columns by dragging the **≡** handle up or down.
- Return to the Jenkins dashboard without saving — by clicking the **Jenkins** text with the logo in the top-left corner.

3. After the user adds a new column by selecting from the **Add Column** dropdown, removes an existing column, reorders columns, and clicks **Save**, the user is redirected to the Jenkins dashboard, where the list view displays the customized columns in the specified order.  

